Add `4 Digit osu!mania World Cup 2024: Registrations Now Open!` news and wiki post (#10522)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/4DM/2024/en.md

| Pick'em manager | ::{ flag=NL }:: [Albionthegreat](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9853595) |

## Links

- [News Post](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2023-11-24-4dmwc-registrations-open)
- [Discussion Thread](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1848473)
- [4DM Discord server](https://discord.gg/W2MQ647)
- [4DM Youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9mLxo8frxAJCf1vrASEFDg)
- [Player Registrations](http://4dm-registrations.dannypx.com/)
- [Staff Applications](https://forms.gle/ob5i22KF3GjDMnai6)
- [Livestream](https://www.twitch.tv/4digitmwc)
- [Tournament bracket](https://challonge.com/4DM2024)
- Spreadsheets
  - **[Master](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1y8w8SkP95VDyjqo4-APiCOBP27HcG3nIcKyb8Cqftk4/edit?rm=minimal)**

## Ruleset

### Registration

1. In order to be eligible for this tournament, players must...
   1. ...be within the osu!mania 4-key rank range of #1,000 and #9,999 both when they submit their registration form and until the end of the registration phase.
   2. ...not have violated the osu! community rules in the past 12 months.
   3. ...not exceed the global osu!mania rank of #250.

>    4. ...not have been part of a former winning 4 Digit MWC Team. (4DM1 winners are excluded from this.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   4. ...not have been part of a former winning 4DM team. (4DM1 winners are excluded from this.)
```

6. Rescheduled matches will be prioritised under non-rescheduled matches in terms of being broadcast.
7. Each respective stage of the tournament is to be completed in a single weekend, using the same mappool for the entire weekend. Weekday matches are allowed if both team captains agree to them and they take place before the weekend of that scheduled stage. Mappools will be released roughly a week before the stage they are to be played on. The latest a map in a released mappool may be slightly updated (e.g. as to fixing a notable timing or snapping issue) is by **23:59 UTC of the Monday after the mappool is released**.
8. If one player on a team has their account restricted while still participating in the tournament for reasons of believed cheating, multi-accounting, or anything else, this player's entire team shall be disqualified from the tournament with no exceptions. Depending on the case, the team most recently defeated in a match by the newly disqualified team may be allowed to advance in this disqualified team's place. If this happens, the result of this former match will be voided.

> 9. Repeated and excessive toxic behavior toward any staff member, player, or spectator either in match multiplayer chatroom, the official discord server, or the official twitch channel chatroom is strictly prohibited and will lead to, in successive order with host's discretion to skip certain steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Repeated and excessive toxic behavior toward any staff member, player, or spectator either in match multiplayer chatroom, the official Discord server, or the official Twitch channel chatroom is strictly prohibited and will lead to, in successive order with host's discretion to skip certain steps:
```
